Update frequently-asked-questions-faq.md to mention Azure Shared Disk as an FCI option (#75778)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/frequently-asked-questions-faq.md

1. **Are SQL Server failover cluster instances (FCI) supported on Azure VMs?**

>    Yes. You can install a failover cluster instance using Azure Shared Disks, [premium file shares (PFS)](failover-cluster-instance-premium-file-share-manually-configure.md), or [storage spaces direct (S2D)](failover-cluster-instance-storage-spaces-direct-manually-configure.md) for the storage subsystem. Premium file shares provide IOPS and throughput capacities that will meet the needs of many workloads. For IO-intensive workloads, consider using storage spaces direct based on manged premium or ultra-disks. Alternatively, you can use third-party clustering or storage solutions as described in [High availability and disaster recovery for SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines](business-continuity-high-availability-disaster-recovery-hadr-overview.md#azure-only-high-availability-solutions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Yes. You can configure a [failover cluster instance](failover-cluster-instance-overview.md) using [Azure shared disks](failover-cluster-instance-azure-shared-disks-manually-configure), [premium file shares (PFS)](failover-cluster-instance-premium-file-share-manually-configure.md), or [storage spaces direct (S2D)](failover-cluster-instance-storage-spaces-direct-manually-configure.md) for the storage subsystem. Premium file shares provide IOPS and throughput capacities that meet the needs of many workloads. For IO-intensive workloads, consider using storage spaces direct based on managed premium or ultra-disks. Alternatively, you can use third-party clustering or storage solutions as described in [High availability and disaster recovery for SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines](business-continuity-high-availability-disaster-recovery-hadr-overview.md#azure-only-high-availability-solutions).
```

>    Yes. You can configure a [failover cluster instance](failover-cluster-instance-overview.md) using [Azure shared disks](failover-cluster-instance-azure-shared-disks-manually-configure), [premium file shares (PFS)](failover-cluster-instance-premium-file-share-manually-configure.md), or [storage spaces direct (S2D)](failover-cluster-instance-storage-spaces-direct-manually-configure.md) for the storage subsystem. Premium file shares provide IOPS and throughput capacities that meet the needs of many workloads. For IO-intensive workloads, consider using storage spaces direct based on managed premium or ultra-disks. Alternatively, you can use third-party clustering or storage solutions as described in [High availability and disaster recovery for SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines](business-continuity-high-availability-disaster-recovery-hadr-overview.md#azure-only-high-availability-solutions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Yes. You can configure a [failover cluster instance](failover-cluster-instance-overview.md) using [Azure shared disks](failover-cluster-instance-azure-shared-disks-manually-configure.md), [premium file shares (PFS)](failover-cluster-instance-premium-file-share-manually-configure.md), or [storage spaces direct (S2D)](failover-cluster-instance-storage-spaces-direct-manually-configure.md) for the storage subsystem. Premium file shares provide IOPS and throughput capacities that meet the needs of many workloads. For IO-intensive workloads, consider using storage spaces direct based on managed premium or ultra-disks. Alternatively, you can use third-party clustering or storage solutions as described in [High availability and disaster recovery for SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines](business-continuity-high-availability-disaster-recovery-hadr-overview.md#azure-only-high-availability-solutions).
```
